Newsletter copy (#2492)
exercism/v3-website: mail.md

**For the first time ever, Exercism is hiring!**
Thanks to the generosity of our community and supporting organisations, we're about to take Exercism to a whole new level.
 
---
 
Hi exercism-bot,

Since the beginning, we've been longing to get to a point where we can hire a full-time team to unleash Exercism's potential. 
After the launch and success of the new platform at the end of last year, and generous support from our community and supporting organisations, we're finally there. 
We couldn't be more excited! 🥳

In expanding the team and growing Exercism, we have three main goals:

- Firstly, we want to do more of what we've got right already - providing a fun way for developers to improve their skills and learn new languages. 
  We have a whole load of new content planned, expanding from programming languages to wider programming expertise. 
  Expect deeper content on programming concepts and practical skills such as refactoring and application design.

> - Secondly, we’re going to be building out a full “Learn to Code” part of the platform aimed at total beginners, designed using Exercism’s “learn by doing” method. We believe that everyone should be able to learn to code, entirely for free, and we’re going to build an amazing platform to facilitate that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Secondly, we're going to be building out a full “Learn to Code” part of the platform aimed at total beginners, designed using Exercism’s “learn by doing” method.
```

The removal is a duplication of the next line.

>   We believe that everyone should be able to learn to code, entirely for free, and we're going to build an amazing platform to facilitate that.

Reviewer: To me this read a bit better:

```suggestion
  We believe that everyone should be able to learn to code, for free, and we're going to build an amazing platform to facilitate that.
```

- Finally, we want to expand the community aspects of Exercism. 
  Community is at the heart of Exercism, in our content, our mentoring, and our sharing of knowledge. 

>   We're only just scraping the surface of how our community can support each other and have loads of ideas about how to deepen the role everyone can play in supporting and learning from each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  We're only just scraping the surface of how our community can support each other and have loads of ideas about how to deepen the role everyone plays in supporting and learning from each other.
```

We're hiring for four roles:

- Community Manager - to help design and lead our community strategy.
- Content Factotum - to support our maintainers and write exercises and educational content for Exercism.

> - React/CSS Dev - to lead on the front-end development of Exercism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- React/CSS Dev - to lead the front-end development of Exercism.
```

> - Ruby on Rails Dev - to develop our Rails backend and Ruby microservices.

Reviewer: Do you want to link to the hiring pages?

**For the first time ever, Exercism is hiring!**
Thanks to the generosity of our community and supporting organisations, we're about to take Exercism to a whole new level.
 
---
 
Hi exercism-bot,

> Since we started, we've been longing to get to a point where we can hire a full-time team to unleash Exercism's potential. 

Author: ```suggestion
Since the beginning, we've been longing to get to a point where we can hire a full-time team to unleash Exercism's potential. 
```

After the launch and success of the new platform at the end of last year, and generous support from our community and supporting organisations, we're finally there. 
We couldn't be more excited! 🥳

> In hiring the team and growing Exercism, we have three main goals:

Author: ```suggestion
In expanding the team and growing Exercism, we have three main goals:
```

> - Firstly, we want to do more of what we've got right already - providing a fun way for developers to improve their skills and learn new languages. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Firstly, we want to do more of what we have gotten right already - providing a fun way for developers to improve their skills and learn new languages. 
```

The contraction is OK, but perhaps clearer without, while we have gotten a some things right already.

>   We have a whole load of new content planned, expanding from programming languages to wider programming expertise. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  We have a lot of new content planned, expanding from programming languages to wider programming expertise. 
```

We might only have a partial load, we will know more as we go.  But surely we have a lot of new content planned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We have a whole load of exciting, new content planned, expanding from programming languages to wider programming expertise. 
```

Possibly:

```suggestion
  We have a whole load of exciting, new content planned, expanding from programming languages to general programming expertise. 
```

  Expect deeper content on programming concepts and practical skills such as refactoring and application design.

> - Secondly, we're going to be building out a full "Learn to Code" part of the platform aimed at total beginners designed in the hands-on Exercism way. 

Reviewer 2: The "Secondly" kind of locks this in this specific position, as does the "finally" below.  But there is no "firstly" as well. Should we remove the "secondly" word?

Author: The "secondly" is a new bullet point.

Reviewer 2: It is for sure, so is the next one.  It is not special except that it is the second one.  But we can see that, it may not need to be pointed out.  (And if moved or another bullet point inserted, this would also need to be changed.)  Still, it probably is fine.

> - Secondly, we're going to be building out a full "Learn to Code" part of the platform aimed at total beginners designed in the hands-on Exercism way. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Secondly, we’re going to be building out a full “Learn to Code” part of the platform aimed at total beginners, designed using Exercism’s “learn by doing” method. We believe that everyone should be able to learn to code, entirely for free, and we’re going to build an amazing platform to facilitate that.
```

  We believe that everyone should be able to learn to code, entirely for free, and we're going to build an amazing platform to facilitate that.
- Finally, we want to expand the community aspects of Exercism. 
  Community is at the heart of Exercism, in our content, our mentoring, and our sharing of knowledge. 

>   We're only just scraping the surface of how our community can support each other and have loads of ideas about how to deepen the role our you all can play in supporting and learning from each other.

Author: ```suggestion
  We're only just scraping the surface of how our community can support each other and have loads of ideas about how to deepen the role everyone can play in supporting and learning from each other.
```

>   We're only just scraping the surface of how our community can support each other and have loads of ideas about how to deepen the role our you all can play in supporting and learning from each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  We're only just scraping the surface of how our community can support each other and have loads of ideas about how to deepen the role you all play in supporting and learning from each other.
```

The "our" does not fit here, but also "can" seems to discount all that we already do, I think we can deepen the role we all play.  (rather than "can play".)

We're hiring for four roles:

> - Community Manager - to help design and lead the community side of Exercism.

Author: ```suggestion
- Community Manager - to help design and lead our community strategy.
```

> - Content Factotum - to support our maintainers and write original educational content for Exercism.

Author: ```suggestion
- Content Factotum - to support our maintainers and write exercises and educational content for Exercism.
```

- React/CSS Dev - to lead on the front-end development of Exercism.
- Ruby on Rails Dev - to develop the Rails backend and Ruby microservices.

> I want to take this opportunity to say thank you to the thousands of you that have contributed and donated to Exercism to make this possible. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I want to take this opportunity to say "thank you" to the thousands of you that have contributed and donated to Exercism to make this possible. 
```

To explicitly quote what it is you want to say.

> - Ruby on Rails Dev - to develop the Rails backend and Ruby microservices.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ruby on Rails Dev - to develop our Rails backend and Ruby microservices.
```

Together, we're creating an incredible platform that teaches programming education to the highest of standards, and giving it to the world for free.

> Kind regards,

Author: ```suggestion
```
